UNKNOWN TERMS/TECHNOLOGIES/TOOLS:
 1. ColdFusion
ColdFusion, a product from Macromedia, is a popular and sophisticated set of products for building Web sites and serving pages to users.
With ColdFusion, a company can build a content database using input templates and combine these with application programs to create a Web site
in which pages are developed dynamically as they are served. ColdFusion consists of ColdFusion Studio, which is used to build a site, and
ColdFusion Server, which serves the pages to users. ColdFusion Studio is described as "a complete integrated development environment (IDE)"
and ColdFusion Server as "a deployment platform."

 2. FuseBox
Fusebox is a web application framework for CFML and PHP. Fusebox is intended to be easy to learn and provides benefits by helping developers
structure their code through a set of simple conventions. Fusebox also allows advanced developers to build large applications, leveraging design
patterns and object-oriented programming techniques if they wish.

 3. Visual Basic
Visual Basic (VB) is a programming environment from Microsoft in which a programmer uses a graphical user interface (GUI) to choose and modify
preselected sections of code written in the BASIC programming language.

 4. B2B
On the Internet, B2B (business-to-business), also known as e-biz, is the exchange of products, services or information (aka e-commerce) between
businesses, rather than between businesses and consumers.

 5. Webtrends
Webtrends is a private company headquartered in Portland, Oregon, United States. It provides digital analytics, optimization and a number of other
software solutions related to digital marketing. Webtrends offers a variety of web analytics products, services, and solutions which focus on the
collection and presentation of user behavior data for websites and mobile device applications. The core product, Webtrends Analytics, is available
in both software and software as a service (SaaS) models.

 6. LAMP
LAMP stack is a popular open source web platform commonly used to run dynamic web sites and servers. It includes Linux, Apache, MySQL, and
PHP/Python/Perl and is considered by many the platform of choice for development and deployment of high performance web applications which require
a solid and reliable foundation.

 7. REST
RESTful web services are built to work best on the Web. Representational State Transfer (REST) is an architectural style that specifies constraints,
such as the uniform interface, that if applied to a web service induce desirable properties, such as performance, scalability, and modifiability,
that enable services to work best on the Web. In the REST architectural style, data and functionality are considered resources and are accessed using
Uniform Resource Identifiers (URIs), typically links on the Web. The resources are acted upon by using a set of simple, well-defined operations.
The REST architectural style constrains an architecture to a client/server architecture and is designed to use a stateless communication protocol,
typically HTTP. In the REST architecture style, clients and servers exchange representations of resources by using a standardized interface and
protocol.

 8. JAX-RS
JAX-RS stands for JAVA API for RESTful Web Services. JAX-RS is a JAVA based programming language API and specification to provide support for created
RESTful Web Services.

 9. AWS
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a comprehensive, evolving cloud computing platform provided by Amazon. It provides a mix of infrastructure as a service
(IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS) and packaged software as a service (SaaS) offerings.

10. Agile Development
In software application development, Agile is a methodology that anticipates the need for flexibility and applies a level of pragmatism into the delivery
of the finished product. Agile requires a cultural shift in many companies because it focuses on the clean delivery of individual pieces or parts of the
software and not on the entire application. 